docs: remove description for xtaggroup when using join command (#1422)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/commands/join.md

By default, the `info.description` property is taken only from the first file, even if it exists in other input files.

However, if any of the input files contain the `tags` object, the `join` command automatically creates the `x-tagGroups` object in the output file.

```yaml
x-tagGroups:
  - name: first-api
    tags:
      - expanded
      - other
  - name: second-api
    tags:
      - partner
```

{% admonition type="info" %}
If some operations in an input file don't have a tag assigned to them, the `join` command automatically adds the `other` tag to those operations in the output file. The `other` tag is also included in the `x-tagGroups` object.

If any of the input files contain the `x-tagGroups` object, the content of this object is ignored by the `join` command and not included in the output file.

> The `info.title` field is used as a name in x-tagGroups instead of a file name for the `join` command, so you can join files with the same names. If you need to adjust the `info.title` field, you can also use the [info-override decorator](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/decorators/info-override/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `info.title` field is used as a name in `x-tagGroups` instead of a file name for the `join` command, so you can join files with the same names. If you need to adjust the `info.title` field, you can also use the [info-override decorator](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/decorators/info-override/).
```

> `info.title` is used as a name in x-tagGroups instead of a file name for the `join` command to make possible the joining of files with the same names. If you need to adjust the `info.title` field, you can also use the [info-override decorator](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/decorators/info-override/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `info.title` field is used as a name in x-tagGroups instead of a file name for the `join` command, so you can join files with the same names. If you need to adjust the `info.title` field, you can also use the [info-override decorator](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/decorators/info-override/).
```

Author: Fixed, thank you!
